Add openPMD-viewer test (#4747)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/picongpu: share/picongpu/tests/openPMD-viewer-test/README.rst

Reviewer: Please add a description how to execute the test manually.

===========================
Test for openPMD-viewer API
===========================

> This test reads out openPMD data via the openPMD-api and checks if it matches the input values to test if users can rely on the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test reads out openPMD data via the openPMD-viewer and checks if it matches the input values to test if users can rely on the output.
```

===========================
Test for openPMD-viewer API
===========================

> This test reads out openPMD-viewer data and checks if it matches the input values to see if users can rely on the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test reads out openPMD data via the openPMD-api and checks if it matches the input values to test if users can rely on the output.
```

Reviewer: minor rewording

> To run this test, one has to execute ci.sh with the location of the input and output directory.

Reviewer: Could you please add a codeblock to show that?
